Astro CLI is now on homebrew core (#827)
astronomer/docs: software_versioned_docs/version-0.27/cli-reference.md

If you have Homebrew installed, run:

```sh

> brew install astro@0.27.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
brew install astro@0.27
```

```

> To install a specific version of the Astro CLI, you'll have to specify `@major.minor.patch`. To install v0.16.1, for example, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This installs the latest patch version of Astro CLI v0.27. To install a specific version of the Astro CLI, specify a version in this format:
```
